{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2870
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green18\blue29;\red246\green249\blue251;\red27\green87\blue210;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7843\c9020\c15294;\cssrgb\c97255\c98039\c98824;\cssrgb\c12941\c43529\c85882;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa210\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Recruiters go through hundreds of profiles and still often miss the right person. Not because the talent isn't there \'97 but because keyword filters can't see what actually matters.\
Build an AI system that ranks candidates the way a great recruiter would \'97 not by matching keywords, but by actually understanding who fits the role.\'a0\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f1\b \cb3 Note: Please refer to the Data Sets here: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://drive.google.com/file/d/1MfD47XvVdRKBGRAyzGOxDCEf2ve96Jjo/view?usp=drive_link"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Click Here}}
\f0\b0 \
\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b \cb3 What your solution needs to do?
\f0\b0 \
Read a job description and actually understand what the role needs \'97 not just pull out words.\
Look at the full picture \'97 career history, skills, behavioral signals, platform activity \'97 and figure out who genuinely fits.\
Deliver a shortlist that a recruiter can trust.\

\f1\b How you build it is up to you.
\f0\b0  Semantic search, LLM ranking, vector embeddings, hybrid scoring \'97 bring whatever you think works best. There's no prescribed architecture. The outcome is what gets judged.\

\f1\b What to submit
\f0\b0 \
1. Your GitHub repo \'97 clean, complete, working code.\
2. A deck/PPT converted into a PDF explaining your approach \'97 what you built, why you built it that way, and how it works.\
3. A ranked output file of your recommended candidates in the format provided.\
That's it. Build something real. Make hiring smarter.\
}